Implementer's Guide: Make HRMP use upward message kinds (#1591)
paritytech/polkadot: roadmap/implementers-guide/src/runtime/router.md

HRMP related storage layout

```rust,ignore
/// The set of pending HRMP open channel requests.
///
/// The set is accompanied by a list for iteration.
///
/// Invariant:
/// - There are no channels that exists in list but not in the set and vice versa.
HrmpOpenChannelRequests: map HrmpChannelId => Option<HrmpOpenChannelRequest>;

> HrmpOpenChannelRequestsList: Vec<HrmpChannelId>;

Reviewer: `frame` maps support iteration already, i believe.

/// This mapping tracks how many open channel requests are inititated by a given sender para.
/// Invariant: `HrmpOpenChannelRequestsList` should contain the same number of items that has `(X, _)`
/// as the number of `HrmpOpenChannelRequestCount` for `X`.
HrmpOpenChannelRequestCount: map ParaId => u32;

/// A set of pending HRMP close channel requests that are going to be closed during the session change.
/// Used for checking if a given channel is registered for closure.
///
/// The set is accompanied by a list for iteration.

> ///

Reviewer 2: :+1: explicitness

  1. Checks each upward message `M` individually depending on its kind:
  1. If the message kind is `Dispatchable`:
      1. Verify that `RelayDispatchQueueSize` for `P` has enough capacity for the message (NOTE that should include all processed
      upward messages of the `Dispatchable` kind up to this point!)
  1. If the message kind is `HrmpInitOpenChannel(recipient)`:
      1. Check that the `P` is not `recipient`.
      1. Check that `recipient` is a valid para.
      1. Check that there is no existing open channel request (`P`, `recipient`) in `HrmpOpenChannelRequests`.
      1. Check that the sum of the number of already opened HRMP channels by the `sender` (the size
      of the set found `HrmpEgressChannelsIndex` for `sender`) and the number of open requests by the
      `sender` (the value from `HrmpOpenChannelRequestCount` for `sender`) doesn't exceed the limit of
      channels (`config.hrmp_max_parachain_outbound_channels` or `config.hrmp_max_parathread_outbound_channels`) minus 1.
      1. Check that `P`'s balance is more or equal to `config.hrmp_sender_deposit`
  1. If the message kind is `HrmpAcceptOpenChannel(sender)`:

>       1. Check that there is exsting request between (`sender`, `P`) in `HrmpOpenChannelRequests`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Check that there is eixsting request between (`sender`, `P`) in `HrmpOpenChannelRequests`
```

  1. Remove `RelayDispatchQueues` of `P`.
  1. Remove `P` if it exists in `NeedsDispatch`.
  1. If `P` is in `NextDispatchRoundStartWith`, then reset it to `None`

>   - Note that we don't remove the open/close requests since they are gon die out naturally at the end of the session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Note that if we don't remove the open/close requests since they are goning die out naturally at the end of the session.
```

  1. Remove `RelayDispatchQueues` of `P`.
  1. Remove `P` if it exists in `NeedsDispatch`.
  1. If `P` is in `NextDispatchRoundStartWith`, then reset it to `None`

>   - Note that if we don't remove the open/close requests since they are goning die out naturally at the end of the session.

Reviewer 2: I was smart enough to mistype in my suggested edit... 
```suggestion
  - Note that if we don't remove the open/close requests since they are going to die out naturally at the end of the session.
```
